.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

## Description

*Please add a description here. This will become the commit message of the merge request later.*

## Definition of Done Checklist

- Not all of these items are applicable to all PRs, the author should update this template to only leave the boxes in that are relevant
- Please make sure all these things are done and tick the boxes

### Author

- [ ] Changes are OpenShift compatible
- [ ] CRD changes approved
- [ ] CRD documentation for all fields, following the [style guide](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/contributor/docs/style-guide).
- [ ] Helm chart can be installed and deployed operator works
- [ ] Integration tests passed (for non trivial changes)
- [ ] Changes need to be "offline" compatible

### Reviewer

- [ ] Code contains useful comments
- [ ] Code contains useful logging statements
- [ ] (Integration-)Test cases added
- [ ] Documentation added or updated. Follows the [style guide](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/contributor/docs/style-guide).
- [ ] Changelog updated
- [ ] Cargo.toml only contains references to git tags (not specific commits or branches)

### Acceptance

- [ ] Feature Tracker has been updated
- [ ] Proper release label has been added
- [ ] [Roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/stackabletech/projects/25/views/1) has been updated

Commit message:

chore: Generated commit to update templated files since the last template run up to stackabletech/operator-templating@ca09d968b4f5a70cf5ba064267b4e630c6aba071
Reference-to: stackabletech/operator-templating@ca09d96 (nightly rust, clippy fix, various updates)

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

## Description

*Please add a description here. This will become the commit message of the merge request later.*

## Definition of Done Checklist

- Not all of these items are applicable to all PRs, the author should update this template to only leave the boxes in that are relevant
- Please make sure all these things are done and tick the boxes

### Author

- [ ] Changes are OpenShift compatible
- [ ] CRD changes approved
- [ ] CRD documentation for all fields, following the [style guide](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/contributor/docs/style-guide).
- [ ] Helm chart can be installed and deployed operator works
- [ ] Integration tests passed (for non trivial changes)
- [ ] Changes need to be "offline" compatible
- [ ] Links to generated (nightly) docs added
- [ ] Release note snippet added

### Reviewer

- [ ] Code contains useful comments
- [ ] Code contains useful logging statements
- [ ] (Integration-)Test cases added
- [ ] Documentation added or updated. Follows the [style guide](https://docs.stackable.tech/home/nightly/contributor/docs/style-guide).
- [ ] Changelog updated
- [ ] Cargo.toml only contains references to git tags (not specific commits or branches)

### Acceptance

- [ ] Feature Tracker has been updated
- [ ] Proper release label has been added
- [ ] Links to generated (nightly) docs added
- [ ] Release note snippet added
- [ ] Add `type/deprecation` label & add to the [deprecation schedule](https://github.com/orgs/stackabletech/projects/44/views/1)
- [ ] Add `type/experimental` label & add to the [experimental features tracker](https://github.com/orgs/stackabletech/projects/47)
